oh it's pretty easy to get off the first
time here you go
and um also there's these lip there's
this little lip they have right here you
can see a little yeah a little like hook
they go they hook into when you put them
back they hook into this part right here
they hook in there and you got a to put
them back you got a I don't secure that
hook and then push down so that they pop
into those those two little dots right
there those two little silver dots they
got to pop into there and then they stay
they stay fastened and then you screw
them in so make sure you do that because
it's kind of I was wondering how to do
that the first time I run I'm like what
the fuck okay I can get it out with one
hand again there we go not too tough
let's get this brace off hope that one
came out pretty easy let's get this
brace off pop super easy okay now before
you do anything else
this cable obviously you see is
disconnected I disconnected everything
so I'm just this cable this ribbon cable
is going to be plugged in to the laser
and it's gonna be clipped in like that
and you all I got to do is there's a
clip here it's going to either white or
brown another tip for you guys is if you
see a white clip laser online do not buy
it it's been said that the white clip
lasers the ones that have this this
little clip the color differs brown and
white brown are supposed to be the good
batch and whites are supposedly the
cheap refurbished ones from Japan and
China one of the two but um I got this
one as a refurb from China but it's a
brown clip so I went with brown I made
sure the clip was brown before I bought
it so um just another tip it's just you
know just to be where you know I don't
know if it's true or not but you know I
figured hey everybody's saying it so I'm
gonna go with it so you just
pull that clip up undo the ribbon cable
just let it sit just let it hang now the
part for taking out the laser out of the
housing see if I'm I need two hands to
do it you're going to want to pull you
don't want to lift these bars now kind
of just lift out like that don't lift
them out yet
make sure they sit right you're going to
want to take them out at the same time
so I would push this laser back um you
can grab right here and right here on
the other side where's the white sticker
that desi makes the model number just um
just grab those two brushes make sure
you're not touching the eye and kind of
just lift don't worry about if the bar
falls out or whatever no problem just
leave it but um yeah that bar just kind
of sits in there it's not really fast
and you can see but this bar however you
can see it if I get my hand on the
fucking way sits in there and that's it
or whatever
so now laser is out laser is out and you
can just take the bar out pull it out
simple and there's your laser all by
itself there's another stick there with
some other stuff on it but this is my
old one so just to avoid any fuck-ups
just put that one in there instead so
there's your laser I got my new one
there's my new one as you can see the
sticker says PS exploit calm on it and I
just didn't take it off I don't know why
but there's left it on there I guess
kind of maybe to designate which one is
my old one which one's my new one if I
ever get them mixed up in any case so um
yeah there's the no.1 and you just
reverse the procedure it's it's not that
hard just put the bars back on make sure
they sit in these little cases snap the
braces back on and put the screws in and
put everything back together the reverse
way so pretty easy but um I mean I'm I'm
not responsible if you break your shit
indefinitely um I mean it's it's not
that hard
definitely my first go-to would be if
you have warranty you shouldn't be
watching this video because you should
be sending it in to Sony as we speak if
you have a legit warranty but I mean you
know don't even don't even waste your
time taking apart this and ordering a
new one just send it in and I mean you
can go two weeks without playing ww2 is
not gonna kill you so but um there
there's the whole thing on the top so if
you have any questions you guys any uh
anything I didn't clarify enough if I
had the camera not looking at the
fucking what I was doing or something
like that um I'll clarify or help you
guys out as much as I can but um pretty
simple task
um just had the confidence to do it and
you know good luck with it because you
know it took me a couple tries because
you know at first I forgot to put the
braces but I've gone and the laser was
falling out of the bars were not
fastened and you know just um
just I've made all the mistakes and
learn from them so huh so you guys don't
have to go do it so um but that's it
that's it maybe a video showing how to
put it back together if needed but um
it's not that complicated of a procedure
no those in there do not forget to put
the ribbon cable back though because if
you put everything back together and you
shit doesn't work you got to take it
apart to make sure every cable is
connected back make sure this one's back
in in the thing make sure you plug that
one back in this one right here make
sure you put this wire back over the
case and screw that back in otherwise
this this wire right here is pretty
important I had a kid break his and he
said he it didn't work at all anymore so
not really sure what it does but I'm
pretty sure it's important so um that's
pretty much it just drive like I said
don't worry about these plastic things
they move around just make sure they're
all and when you put the case back go
but um yeah thanks for watching guys
- part three and any questions or you
know anything just hit me up in a
message or comment and I'll get back to
you guys
alright peace out go